update ROSA Benchmark key results docs with new hashing changes (#705)
keycloak/keycloak-benchmark: doc/benchmark/modules/ROOT/pages/report/rosa-benchmark-key-results.adoc

* Leave 1 GB extra head-room for spikes of RAM.

* For each 100,000 active user sessions, add 600 MB per Pod in a three-node cluster (tested with up to 200,000 sessions).
+
This assumes that each user connects to only one client.
Memory requirements increase with the number of client sessions per user session (not tested yet).

> * For each 40 user logins per second, 1.5 vCPU per Pod in a three-node cluster (tested with up to 300 per second).

Reviewer: Please stick to the numbers as we calculate them in the run to avoid confusion. The base unit should be 1vCPU.
I would also round the number of 29 to 30, to have simpler numbers. This is an estimate only anyway.

```suggestion
* For each 30 user logins per second, 1 vCPU per Pod in a three-node cluster (tested with up to 300 per second).
```

To make the point of not mixing things: While the reduction from 40 to 30 logins per second per vCPU indicates a 25% drop of performance, you added 50% to the CPU usage, which is doubling the effect. 

Same for for the above 500 MB. I also see that the number is "116556" in the January 26 run. As I remember it fluctuates, we can keep it at 100000, or increase it to 110000 per 500 MB.

Author: makes sense, I had it initially this way and modified it to match with the limits we had for calculations. So based on this, should I modify "Calculation example" with the 30 logins ?
